config: verify replicaset to contain an instance (#9896)
tarantool/tarantool: changelogs/unreleased/gh-9895-forbid-empty-replicaset.md

## bugfix/config

> * Added additional validation to cluster configuration.
>   Now it is forbidden to create an empty replicaset (gh-9895).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added additional validation to a cluster's configuration.
  Now it is forbidden to create an empty replica set (gh-9895).
```

Author: Applied the first line diff. I'd like to leave `replicaset` as a single word, similar to config schema.

Reviewer 2: I use 'replicaset' as a single word too in comments in the code. I know that our documentation on the website uses 'replica set'. I remember that I changed my wording in changelogs to 'replica set' on a request several times.

However, I see both ways in existing release notes on GitHub: there is no consistency.

Can't suggest anything certain. I propose to don't spin here and go ahead.

@andreyaksenov I'm closing this discussion thread. I'm OK to discuss some common vocabulary our of scope of this PR.
